# introsde-2015-assignment-1
This is the description of the code for the assignment 1 for 
Introduction to Service Design and Engineering course (University of Trento, EIT Digital 
Master program). 

The requirements for assignment 1 can be found here: https://sites.google.com/a/unitn.it/introsde_2015-16/lab-sessions/assignments/assignment-1 

Used technologies: Java, XML/XSD, JSON, XPATH, JAXB/Jackson



###Notes about the code:

In the main root folder you will find the files that will run a code specific to each part of assignment:
- ivy.xml file of dependency manager with specified dependencies, helps to manage the dependencies.
- build.xml - the file contains  JAXB XJC which will generate necessary java classes for marshalling, 
  compiles and runs the project.
- people1.xml is a file that contains the list of people with their healthprofiles
- people.xsd - XML schema based on people1.xml, is used in build.xml for generation of the java classes for marshalling.

In the folder People/src:
- HealthProfileReader.java uses xPath to retrieve the necessary data from people1.xml
  and prints information about the people in the list according to the assignment requirements.
- JAXBMarshaller.java this file will create java objects based on the java classes generated by  JAXB XJC in build.xml 
  and marshal them to XML
- JAXBUnMarshaller.java this file will unmarshal the XML file nodes created by marshalling process back to java objects
- JSONMarshaller.java - this will create 3 people in java and marshal them into JSON

###What the code does
- people1.xml contains the list of 20 people with personal and healthprofile details
- HealthProfileReader.java uses the data from people1.xml via XPath and prints: 
		1) the weight and height of a person, 
		2) all people in the list with healthprofile details, 
		3) the healthprofile of the person with an id 0005, 
		4) people who weight >90Kg.

- build.xml will run a target "generate" and will generate java-files according to people.xsd
  These files will be used in the marshalling process. The generated java files will be located in the folder 
  People/src/people/generated . Build compiles and runs all the targets to show the outcome of the project: print people
  detals using XPath, marshal and un-marshal files, marshal to JSON.
  
- JAXBMarshaller.java created 3 people with healthprofiles using java-files generated previously by build.xml and 
marshals them into xml. After running marshalling target by build.xml in the main forder there will be created an XML
file named people.xml that will contain the information about these 3 people. 

- JAXBUnMarshaller.java will use people.xml (people list) to un-marshal people in the list from XML back to java objects.
that will be based in automatically created folder build/people/generated

- JSONMarshaller.java creates 3 people on the basis of java objects generated previously by build.xml and marshals them
into JSON. It  will create people.json file in the main root folder.

###How to run the project

In the command line switch to the folder cloned from this repository and type 
  
 
    ant execute.evaluation


